You're finished.
If Mr. Su knew that you seduced his son
Will be furious
Hey, Mr. Su is so anxious
Who are you calling a bitch?
Xiaoqing, are you alright?
How come?
Mr. Su, this lady wants to return her clothes.
They wouldn't let us chase them.
Mr. Su, listen to my explanation
Dare to bully Xinxin
drag it down
Thanks.
Mom will never let anyone bully you again
Wasn't it always you who bullied me?
Teacher Zhang
Shin Shin, your wounds are healed
Then back to class.
Miss Zhang, I can't dance anymore
I'm here to go through the procedures for transferring majors.
This is not urgent
It just so happens that you are here today
The teacher has an announcement to make